## Meeting minutes - 21 march


### Feedback

The paper should be readable/clear from just reading the section titles.

We should add boinc and gollem as important decentralized computing.

keywords -> computation, trust, blockchain, security, (1 more, should search and look at related papers)

The introduction should now be changed to be about the increasing amount of code run with its complexity and dependencie, making a trusted and secure execution environment necessary.

### Research question + sub questions

we should add the sub-questions in a manner that they are clear questions connecting to the different sections. They can be in the introduction.

research question: 'How can we execute code in a secure and trusted manner?'

sub questions: 
 - 'How can we securely execute code?'
 - 'How can we trustfully execute code?'
 - 'What are the applications of secure and trusted code execution?'    

 In the applications we should create a table with some different metrics to make easy comparisons between different implementations. The strengths and weaknesses of each individual implementation do not need to be explained however we should compare the strengths and weaknesses of the different techniques used.

### methodology

The methodology just needs to be mentioned not described with a large diagram.

### related work:

changed by changing the question

### British English?

It does not matter if British English or American English is used in the paper.

### TODO

For tomorrow we should make sure the paper has a correct structure and is ready for the pear review. 
