## Meeting minutes - 8 march


### Progress since previous meeting

Since the previous meeting the student have read and gathers some more papers.
Mostly on the applications of smart contracts. A IEEE two-column style paper was
set up. As well as a GitHub repo where progress is kept and papers are
collected.

### Research question
 
There was a choice between technical or conceptual research question.

Technical would be interesting, as we can create our own piece of software ontop
of Trustchain. This would also benefit our grade.

If we choose to implement:  
Build on TrustChain -> create a transaction people can execute with python code
uploaded to it and save the statechange on the chain. This would be a "new"
implementation, parallelized smart contract.

**Current research question**  
How can we trustfully execute code in a decentralized environment?

This research question has been decided on because we can partially combine the
results with the implementation mentioned before.

*Problem statement*: running programs from an untrusted source could mess up
your system.

### Other possible research directions

*Scalability was advised against, has been done last year.

**MSc student (Michel) master thesis: dApps**  
He is working on distributed applications (dApps) and creating a platform to
download/deploy packages in a distributed way. There is no ecosystem for dApps
and distributed package management. A possible research direction would be a
survey of the existing ecosystems and surrounding areas. This idea was mostly
dismissed since it has little blockchain/smart contract relevance.

Michel also guides a group of honour students. 
They research decentralized system: Agreements for legalized signatures.
Onderteken.nl is service to upload a document and sign it with a personal
signature. Ensuring that some contract is signed, this is trustable since the
signing is non-retractable. The goal is to remove the single point of trust, eg
a notary and eventually replace notaries with digital systems. It is hard to
create a legal system digital that is accepted.

They are also trying to do this without global consensus, which is a challenge
since the whole network should be aware of document states.

**MSc student (Jetse): scaling and voting system**  
He is working on a consensus mechanism, where witnesses are chosen. It is
possible to calculate the probablility of malicious entity. There are very small
chances for malicious nodes to "hack" the system.


### Todo:

Read about new execution environments (and how it applies on trustchain).

Check out some interesting implementations:

- Docker is a good example of contained code execution.
- HyperLedger vs Ethereum, how are programs verified.
- Intel SGX

### Deadlines / goals:

- create sub-questions and assign them (today)
- we will write ~2 pages before next friday
- we will complete our draft before two weeks from now (22/4).
- [optional] attempt to set up the IPV8 environment (Linux environment is advised)


### Useful for the students:

- [IPV8](https://github.com/Tribler/py-ipv8) - Link a TrustChain project, which we could set up as preparation for implementing the smart contract on TC. 
- [TU WRITE course](https://brightspace.tudelft.nl//d2l/home/63835) - Good and complete guides and information on writing all parts of the paper.
